♪ WE DON'T GIVE A, AND ♪
♪ WE WON'T EVER GIVE A ♪
♪ UNTIL YOU, YOU GIVE A ♪
- WHERE'S A VALET?
- HEY, HEY YO!
YO, RED CAP!
WHAT UP?
DO ME A FAVOR.
WATCH IT FOR ME.
- DON'T SCRATCH IT.
- ALL RIGHT, PARTNER.
KEEP ON ROLLIN', BABY.
YOU KNOW WHAT TIME IT IS.
(INTENSE MUSIC)
♪ THROW YOUR HANDS UP ♪
♪ LADIES AND GENTLEMEN ♪
♪ CHOCOLATE STARFISH ♪
♪ KEEP ON ROLLING BABY ♪
♪ MOVE IN, NOW MOVE OUT ♪
♪ HANDS UP, NOW HANDS DOWN ♪
♪ BACK UP, BACK UP ♪
♪ TELL ME WHAT
YOU'RE GONNA DO NOW ♪
♪ BREATH IN, NOW BREATH OUT ♪
♪ HANDS UP, NOW HANDS DOWN ♪
♪ BACK UP, BACK UP ♪
♪ TELL ME WHAT
YOU'RE GONNA DO NOW ♪
♪ KEEP ROLLIN' ROLLIN'
ROLLIN' ROLLIN', WHAT ♪
ROLLIN' ROLLIN', COME ON ♪
♪ KEEP ROLLIN' ROLLIN'
ROLLIN' ROLLIN', YEAH ♪
ROLLIN' ROLLIN' ♪
♪ NOW I KNOW Y'ALL BE
LOVIN' THIS RIGHT HERE ♪
♪ L, I, M, P BIZKIT
IS RIGHT HERE ♪
♪ PEOPLE IN THE HOUSE PUT
THEM HANDS IN THE AIR ♪
♪ 'CAUSE IF YOU DON'T
CARE, THEN WE DON'T CARE ♪
♪ ONE, TOW, THREE
TIMES TWO TO THE SIX ♪
♪ JOLTS IN FOR YOUR FIX
WITH THE LIMP BIZKIT MIX ♪
♪ SO WHERE THE, YOU AT PUNK ♪
♪ SHUT THE, UP
AND BACK THE, UP ♪
♪ WHILE WE, THIS TRACK UP ♪
♪ THROW YOUR HANDS UP ♪
♪ MOVE IN, NOW MOVE OUT ♪
♪ HANDS UP, NOW HANDS DOWN ♪
♪ BACK UP, BACK UP ♪
♪ TELL ME WHAT
YOU'RE GONNA DO NOW ♪
♪ BREATH IN, NOW BREATH OUT ♪
♪ HANDS UP, NOW HANDS DOWN ♪
♪ BACK UP, BACK UP ♪
♪ TELL ME WHAT
YOU'RE GONNA DO NOW ♪
♪ KEEP ROLLIN' ROLLIN'
ROLLIN' ROLLIN', WHAT ♪
ROLLIN' ROLLIN', COME ON ♪
♪ KEEP ROLLIN' ROLLIN'
ROLLIN' ROLLIN', YEAH ♪
ROLLIN' ROLLIN' ♪
♪ YOU WANT TO MESS
WITH LIMP BIZKIT ♪
♪ YOU CAN'T MESS
♪ BECAUSE WE GET IT ON ♪
♪ EVERY DAY AND EVERY NIGHT ♪
♪ SEE THIS PLATINUM
THING RIGHT HERE ♪
♪ WELL WE'RE DOING
IT ALL THE TIME ♪
♪ SO YOU'D BETTER GET SOME
BETTER BEATS AND UH, ♪
♪ GET SOME BETTER RHYMES ♪
♪ WE GOT THE GANG SET
SO DON'T COMPLAIN YET ♪
♪ 24/7 NEVER BEGGING
FOR A RAIN CHECK ♪
♪ OLD SCHOOL SOLDIERS
PASSING OUT THAT HOT ♪
♪ THAT ROCK, AND BOUNCE
IN THE MOSH PIT ♪
♪ THROW YOUR HANDS UP ♪
♪ MOVE IN, NOW MOVE OUT ♪
♪ HANDS UP, NOW HANDS DOWN ♪
♪ BACK UP, BACK UP TELL ME
WHAT YOU'RE GONNA DO NOW ♪
♪ BREATH IN, NOW BREATH OUT ♪
♪ HANDS UP, NOW HANDS DOWN ♪
♪ BACK UP, BACK UP TELL ME
WHAT YOU'RE GONNA DO NOW ♪
♪ KEEP ROLLIN' ROLLIN'
ROLLIN' ROLLIN', COME ON ♪
ROLLIN' ROLLIN', WHAT ♪
♪ KEEP ROLLIN' ROLLIN'
ROLLIN' ROLLIN', YEAH ♪
ROLLIN' ROLLIN' ♪
♪ HEY LADIES, HEY FELLAS ♪
♪ AND THE PEOPLE
THAT DON'T GIVE A ♪
♪ ALL THE LOVERS
ALL THE HATERS ♪
♪ AND ALL THE PEOPLE THAT
CALL THEMSELF PLAYERS ♪
♪ HOT MOMMAS, PIMP DADDIES ♪
♪ AND ALL THE PEOPLE
ROLLING UP IN CADDIES ♪
♪ HEY ROCKERS HIP HOPPERS ♪
♪ AND EVERYBODY ALL
AROUND THE WORLD ♪
♪ MOVE IN NOW MOVE OUT ♪
♪ HANDS UP, NOW HANDS DOWN ♪
♪ BACK UP, BACK UP TELL ME
WHAT YOU'RE GONNA DO NOW ♪
♪ BREATH IN, NOW BREATH OUT ♪
♪ HANDS UP, NOW HANDS DOWN ♪
♪ BACK UP, BACK UP TELL ME
WHAT YOU'RE GONNA DO NOW ♪
♪ KEEP ROLLIN' ROLLIN'
ROLLIN' ROLLIN', YEAH ♪
ROLLIN' ROLLIN', WHAT ♪
♪ KEEP ROLLIN' ROLLIN'
ROLLIN' ROLLIN', COME ON ♪
ROLLIN' ROLLIN' ♪
♪ MOVE IN NOW MOVE OUT ♪
♪ HANDS UP, NOW HANDS DOWN ♪
♪ BACK UP, BACK UP TELL ME
WHAT YOU'RE GONNA DO NOW ♪
♪ BREATH IN, NOW BREATH OUT ♪
♪ HANDS UP, NOW HANDS DOWN ♪
♪ BACK UP, BACK UP TELL ME
WHAT YOU'RE GONNA DO NOW ♪
♪ KEEP ROLLIN' ROLLIN'
ROLLIN' ROLLIN', WHAT ♪
ROLLIN' ROLLIN', COME ON ♪
♪ KEEP ROLLIN' ROLLIN'
ROLLIN' ROLLIN', YEAH ♪
ROLLIN' ROLLIN' ♪